what's going on my beautiful friend and
welcome I'm David Greenberg and this is
conditional acceptance.com
and I've got a bit of good news for
you because if you're like most people
and I've I've certainly was this way
most of my
life you always experience a little bit
of Stress and Anxiety every time you get
a bill in the mail so every time you get
a bill whether it's a utility bill or a
credit card bill or a loan payment you
know loan payment mortgage payment
whatever it is tax tax liability
property tax and on and on so I think
you and I can agree that for most
people this is something that's at least
a little bit
stressful and it's not something that
say we look forward
to but what if I were to tell you that
every time you receive that bill it
actually contains a
check you might be thinking to yourself
David what have you been
smoking what are you talking about I
know this sounds fantastic and believe
me I thought the same thing the first
time I heard this
but when you receive a
bill almost every time we can't say it's
100% of the time cuz sometimes it
doesn't include it but let's just say
95 to 99% of the time when you receive
these
bills you're also receiving a check or
you're receiving an instrument that you
can turn into a check that would
actually be a more accurate way of
describing so first what I'm going to do
is I'm going to show you two examples
and then I'm going to come back here and
kind of explain it and then what I'm
going to do is I'm going to give you
some uh suggestions to move forward so
you can start to take advantage of these
checks to in order to pay your bills
okay so let's start with the examples
okay so here's the first example I'm
going to try to hold it up in a way that
you guys can see it and of course I've
redacted my personal confidential
information so this happens to come from
discover so it's a credit card check so
how do we know it's a check or how do we
know it could be used as a check or a
money order if you look at the bottom
you will see there are some routing
numbers that don't quite match up to the
account number so in some some of them
they do but there's always these routing
numbers and you're probably thinking to
yourself what does that
mean and also there's some
barcodes and you'll notice that it looks
like a check in the sense that it has an
amount it has a from which is this case
is you and it has usually has a to which
could include the the name of the
corporation or in this case it just has
the address okay so there there are
going to be some variations but
basically if you look at it it has a lot
of the elements of a check it's really
just missing a pay to the order of
statement and the amount written out in
in words and then of course an
endorsement which would be a signature
so really it's just missing a few things
one more example and I printed this out
so it's not it wasn't print by the
actual credit card company and of course
I've redacted all the confidential
information so that uh if I upload this
dat to YouTube they can't ding me for
sharing confidential information but
again you'll see that it has certain
routing numbers and account numbers
barcodes it has the from and to it has
the pay
amount uh and so on and so forth Am
Mountain
enclosed and they always say
please return this portion with your
payment or something like that so
they're always telling you to send this
in with your payment so why is that so
let's uh let's step back I'm going to
step out of the examples and we'll come
back and let's talk this through so why
are these companies sending you a check
or a coupon that can be turned into a
check why are they doing
that well to understand this we need to
go back to the e Emergency Banking Act
of
1933 what's also been called
hjr 192 which stands for house joint
resolution 192 and I think it's also
called it's also uh been codified as I'm
not going to remember the name of the
law I think it's public law
7310 but I'm not 100% sure about that
but it it was eventually codified into
the US code AS law as statute I should
say not not law in the sense of common
law because it's it's commercial law and
everything everything they we're dealing
with in the US code is essentially
Commerce so the long and short of it is
in
1933 the our ability to pay back debts
with money was removed because according
to the US Constitution money is only
gold and silver coin and in fact if you
look in Black's Law Dictionary it says
almost the same thing it says money is
uh usually gold and silver coin it could
also
certificates that you have gold and
silver or something of value on deposit
but it specifically doesn't Embrace
notes or evidences of a debt now if we
look at a dollar or any almost any fiat
currency it's going to say something
like note on it so if you look at uh
what we call US Dollars it all says
Federal Reserve notes okay so note
stands for is short for promisory note
and a promisory note is actually a type
of new negotiable instrument okay so if
we look at the Uniform Commercial Code
UCC
3-14 it defines what a negotiable
instrument is so basically in
1933 when our ability to pay back debts
with money was taken away the uh those
who instituted this knew that there
needed to be a remedy like because this
is going to create a huge imbalance
because if you take away the ability to
pay debts with money which is gold and
silver coin then how how are people able
to get out of debt okay so the answer is
the short answer is you can now
discharge your debts okay that was the
remedy doesn't mean you need to pay your
debts with another debt that's nonsense
so when you go and send your hard-earned
funds for example if you send funds from
your bank account to pay a bill that's
not paying a debt cuz that's like that's
like putting out a fire with a fire it's
like you're trying to put out the fire
with more fire it doesn't make sense
paying a debt with a debt it's not going
to work but you can discharge the debts
and this was this ability was given to
you and to me and to
everyone and it's been implemented
through a trust that is established in
your name and that trust is is usually
called the Social Security trust or the
CEST trust or you could call it the
Social Security CES trust it's a
essentially a public
corporation that is administered by the
Social Security Administration in this
country in the United States of America
it's going to vary a little bit from
country to country but it's it was a
created for the purpose of discharging
and paying all of your debts because
it's a corporation it's therefore
property it's not actually a living
being uh it cannot accept liability so
uh the the only the owners of that
Corporation and you're not the owner
have to accept the liability so that
corporation's been given an account it's
called a Social Security account it
probably has several accounts but for
all for Simplicity we'll just say it has
one account Social Security account and
that account has been funded has credits
which is essentially the equivalent of
Federal Reserve notes or US dollars in
the modern
implementation and that account can be
used to pay all of your public debts
okay so the account the Social Security
account set up for you can be used to
pay all of your debts okay so when you
go
back um and I cover this in my free live
workshops that I handle that I conduct
every Saturday on Zoom so I'm going to
provide a link somewhere if you want to
go sign up it's completely free it's a
live workshop on zoom and I kind of walk
through what you would need to do
specifically in order to endorse these
checks and uh endorse these coupons and
turn them into a check so that the funds
can be paid out of your account actually
they are paid out of your account
already it's just your trans you're
you're giving permission to transfer the
balance for offset to to set the account
back to zero but uh if you look at the
number let's just look one more time if
you look at any of the numbers on any of
these bills and this will be true again
99.99% of the time it's always a
positive number right it's always a
positive number that
indicates that there is a positive
balance in that account so positive
balance means the account has been
credited so essentially when you get the
bill it's already been credited from the
funds or the or the credits in the trust
of which you are the beneficiary and
actually one more thing I forgot to
point out sorry about the back and forth
here you'll notice that your name is
essentially all 99% of the time it's
going to be your name in all caps it
could be with or without your middle
initial it could have your middle name
spelled out on the other one it looks
exactly like it does on my tax
statements or on my social security card
it's my first name middle initial last
name so that's closer to the way it
looks on the trust so it could be a
variation but it's always in capital
letters to indicate that it's the name
of a corporation and that makes sense
because the the check has a from and a
two in this case the from is from you
because you are already paying it so the
funds are already in the account and
what you're doing is you're making it
payable to the bearer or the receiver so
the Bearer in this case would be the
name of you know the bank or corporation
that is receiving the payment so they
are essentially going to receive that
and that act of receiving it and
transferring it to a different account
is going to debit this account and then
it's going to bring the balance back to
zero okay so that essentially how you
pay it and if you look up payment in
Black's Law Dictionary fourth edition
the reason we use fourth edition
sometimes people ask me this like why
don't you use like the ninth the 11th
edition whatever the most recent is the
problem is that like a lot of things
they meaning the bank you principally
the bankers uh and those you know in
higher you know those who have influence
have modified certain definitions to to
to sa to suit their needs to basically
fit the
agenda fourth edition is sufficiently
untouched meaning it's it's a version
that is fairly pristine and you can rely
on those definitions and the thing about
definitions is they don't expire so if
you use a definition from the four
Black's Law fourth edition you can it's
still going to apply today so if you
look up the definition of if you look at
the definition of a payment payment is
the performance of an agreement or the
Fulfillment of a promise or obligation
and that's essentially what you're doing
when you make a payment at here you're
just performing based on the agreement
because the agreement is the funds were
paid out of the trust and basically to
perform all you need to do is is do a
proper
endorsement uh add some codes add some
information to that check or to make it
into a check or a money order so you're
just you're doing Endor
and then adding special instructions and
sending a nice letter along with it to
explain to the uh you know the the
officer in the corporation how to
process that payment so that's all you
have to do you don't have to send in a
check of your own from your own bank
account um you don't certainly don't
want to make online electri electronic
payments um it doesn't need to come out
of your own funds because all of your
debts are paid for from the trust okay
and this is something I'm going to say
over and over and over again this is
this is per the commercial law this is
how it's been set up and this is the
remedy to the fact that they've removed
the ability to pay debts with gold and
silver which is the actual only true
money that that is recognized by the US
Constitution in this country and in
general money has to be something of
value something tangible it can't just
be pieces of paper evidences of a debt
okay so we now uh we now live in a world
where you can essentially just discharge
all of your debts simply by using the
power of your signature I mean that's as
incredible as that sounds that that's
way it is because you are part of what
you and I and all of us are what's
backing the debt owed by the United
States Corporation the United States is
a corporation to the bankers to the in
this case to the private Federal Reserve
banking system so we're essentially the
collateral so there had to be a way for
us to obtain a remedy from losing our
ability to actually pay debts with gold
and silver so this is how it works I'm
not going to get into this in this video
exactly how to endorse the coupon how to
do that because I cover that in the free
Workshop so if you are someone that's
been stressed out about how to pay your
bills and you want to learn this process
your number one step your number one
next step is come and come to one of my
workshops on Saturdays and like I said
I'm going to provide a link you can so
join our private telegram group there's
no uh anyone can join it's open to the
public I also do have a membership and
with the membership there's a couple of
benefits you get uh access to all the
recordings you also get invited to
weekly or bi-weekly private study
sessions where we can Workshop all of
this together in a small group you also
get access to all of my templates so all
my conditional acceptance letter
templates remittance letter examples of
the coupon
and all the time I'm adding more and
more goodies into that folder so uh
you're definitely going to want to um
check that out I've got some really
powerful stuff coming up I've got some
great really powerful cases for
conditional acceptance I don't want to
say too much yet I also share in that
folder all the documents to basically
file a claim of lean and collect with
the help of the US
Treasury as your as the agent as the
collection agency to help you collect on
the leans in order to enforce your
conditional acceptance letters so if you
are someone that's been struggling with
uh not only just getting out of debt but
I would say any kind of presentment for
example if if you've been sued or
wrongful arrest or someone's trying to
collect child support or alimony or any
kind of fine or fee or if you have
you're overwhelmed by your taxes
anything at all if you've been charged
with a victimless crime for example
possessing a particular substance no
harmed party these are all great
examples of where you can get a remedy
through conditional acceptance so I want
to invite you to get involved in this
community this is a life skill so you're
going to need to show up and be ready to
start learning but not expect like to
just push a button and all of a sudden
all your problems are going to go away
that's not how this works okay I
sometimes get people showing up at the
11th hour and they think that somehow
how you know there's some savior that's
going to fix everything for them
instantly it doesn't work like that
folks I've been studying this stuff for
more than a year now and I'm just
starting to crack the surface I'm very
fortunate because I have mentors who
have helped me to learn along the way
that I've been willing to put time and I
Mo the most the biggest investment I've
made is just being willing to put hours
and hours of my time into studying this
not even investing a lot of my funds but
just like hours of study of reading of
watching video
uh and of course practicing and and
putting it to the practice I want to
invite you to come in and learn this
life skill because it's going to serve
you through through your entire lifetime
so this goes Way Beyond just being able
to dissolve your debts and eliminate
your debts and have your debts discharge
although that's a big part of it because
I know that if you're like most people
you you know you're you're doing
whatever you're doing everything you can
just to stay Al float so I hope you
found this helpful if you have I want to
invite you to smash through that like
button on this video put a comment below
anything that you've gotten out of it
share this video with people you know
and of course either subscribe or follow
depending on where you're watching this
because I do upload to a couple
different platforms so either subscribe
or follow and I'll look forward to
seeing you very soon take care

Transcript


hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome
to another episode of the vob show this
is the alternative channel to the
Richard vobe show because uh
unfortunately the Richard vob show seems
to have uh caused a bit of a nerve
another slat wrist for the old VY there
so I'm off I think for another week
possibly two weeks who knows uh we'll
soon see but um in the meantime of
course the shows will continue over here
so thank you so much for uh subscribing
and being part of it as you can tell
I've got a little bit more of my energy
back and now I've got my voice which is
pretty much back not quite but nearly
there good enough now today uh I want to
share something that I've been
experimenting with of course you know
that uh we've all been looking for a
lawful remedy to various things and we
all know that there is um there is money
there is money held on our um on our
birth certificat is there not that we've
all been bonded we are the stock
apparently we are the stock that's been
floated up
um on the stock market and we've been
moved about and sold and bought and
people are making uh certain people are
making millions on the back of us the
fact that we have Sweat Equity and that
we're forced to go to work and pay taxes
and all of that kind of nonsense however
we can make use of this and uh I had
cause to experiment with it and I can
now tell you it works it bloody Works
ladies and gentlemen I want to share
that with you because I've been doing
these little tests
and I wanted to share it with you when I
knew it worked and and now I do so um
let me just tell you the story I want to
tell you a story so what happened was um
some months ago now uh my water company
emailed me no they wrote to me they
wrote to me and they in a letter and
they said to me there's been a breach a
data breach nothing to worry about but
some of your data has been stolen but is
nothing to worry about uh we're going to
fix it and I thought to myself what do
you mean there's nothing to worry about
you've got data about me and it's been
stolen it could be used by for
fraudulent purposes I'm not sure I'm
very happy about that what do you mean
and so I thought to myself let me think
I pay by direct debit for my water like
a lot of people would do it's their
preferred method is it not after all I
thought to myself hm I think I would
rather pay on a monthly basis um where I
write the check when I'm good and ready
and so you're not actually going to be
having my data and what kind of data
would they have and I worked out of
course they must have my bank details
that have my name my address potentially
my date of birth all these sort of stuff
that fraudulent people might find useful
so I thought right I shut off the direct
debit wrote to the bank said to the bank
um no thank you turn that direct debit
off well within three days I got a bit
of paper from my water company going
well I noticed You' turned your off your
direct debit you owe us now the whole
year in one lump and I thought right
okay do you know what I'll pay it but
I'll pay it with my cave
trust pardon no I'm not going to pay it
out my own private funds something to
with me you're a utility I'm going to
pay it out my CES trust how is that
possible you might say well it is
possible because you can do this you can
do this so I got a the Billy Doo that
came in because it was a Bill a bill and
I said I'll accept this bill this offer
as money as pound sterling and uh now
you take it back and settle the account
and I signed it in a specific way we'll
have a look at that in a second and I
sent it off to
them and I never heard anything for
months and months I never heard anything
and then only yesterday only yesterday
when I opened the door
there was some post and it was another
bill from the water company but it was a
fresh bill they had accepted the
previous payment the settling of the
account and now I had a fresh one for a
lot less and for just the one month or
two months whatever it was three months
I think it was and I thought well I'm
blowed it bloody well worked and I will
do the same on this
and uh I should probably do the same
with my electricity and all other bills
and to be honest with you I am
experimenting with a number of other
bills and I'm waiting to see if they
work and I won't say anything if they um
until they do until they work and I can
categorically say to you this works now
your water company may be different to
my water company and may not accept it
I'm not saying this is a cast iron thing
but I settled the account out of my cave
trust that's how it is how is that
possible let's have a quick look because
some months ago I interviewed a chap
from Australia called Mike Holt and he
was talking about common law and one of
his website shows you exactly how to do
it you may already do this yourself but
if you're somebody who is worried about
the bills coming in and you've got too
much money going out and you think well
actually it shouldn't come out of my
private account why not pay it out of
your cesa trust which there is millions
sitting there you could just settle the
account you're in credit you see you're
in credit crit anyway so let's see how
this
works here is the uh here is the website
and I will leave a link in the
description um this is pay government
corporate bills with the sesty V trust
which I always manage to mispronounce
make it public knowledge in the
workplace we are actively proving every
day using the bills of exchange and this
is how it works uh no one needs to pay
using your priv private personal savings
out of pocket every Bill received is in
the capital name trust where we all have
hundreds of uh dollars of million
hundreds of millions of dollars
available but hidden from us by the CEOs
of banks insurance companies the
government and so on and so forth um so
then it tells you what the cesa trust is
but never mind all that the key
takeaways
is that the French the cesa means he who
lives the legal term describes the
person who is the beneficiary and has
the right to property in an estate CES
is often used today in life and health
insurance policies where instead of the
beneficiary it refers to the insured
anyway never mind you can read all of
that the point is you can pay it off so
what did I do here is an example let's
have a look the bill comes in now if the
bill has as you can see down the bottom
here a barcode and often it'll come in
as a gyro as it did with mine and it has
a barcode that is the number that
accesses the CEST trust you see so I'm
told and what you do is you write on it
in blue here as you can see um so in
other words it says this bill offer is
accepted as
money for the in this case dollar amount
I put pound sterling shown here and an
arrow goes to the amount that they're
asking for in this case it's some 5, is
it what is it
864 now take it back and use the
remittance to settle the
account then you sign yours honorably
because you want to be honorable the
Equitable
beneficial uh named estate trust title
holder and you sign and you say without
prejudice now that may look a bit
scruffy there but that is actually what
you send back and and the words on the
page is here I'll send you the link
Don't Panic this bill stroke offer is
accepted as money for the in our case
pound sterling amount shown here arrow
to the amount now take it back and use
it as remittance and settle the accounts
yours honorably and you you put your
first middle and surname Equitable
beneficiary named estate trust title
holder you sign you put not the trustee
and you put the date without prejudice
and it works it worked for me there's no
reason why it shouldn't work for you and
the website has lots of other things it
talks about promiser notes and other
bits and pieces which will be very
useful I am sure for you my lovely
gentle viewer and I'm sorry this isn't
on the other
channel on the big Channel because I'd
love everybody to know this that you can
settle these accounts so I should try
this with the electricity company now
there may be people whove tried this and
some comp companies will say I can't
possibly accept this this is part of the
bills of exchange Act 1882 as I
understand it and it all comes to and it
becomes when you sign it you see you're
not paying you got to get this right
into your head you're not paying you are
settling the account because you're
already in credit you are already in
credit and what happens normally is you
get these little Gyros you know these
things and it says pay whatever it is
and you look at it and you go oh I've
got to put and you write a check or you
send the the cash or you take it to the
post office and pay there and what have
you well actually what happens is you're
paying twice because the company the
water company in my case would already
be taking that money from your CES trust
and then you paying them a second time
so don't pay them out your private funds
don't let them get away with it for
goodness sake now I've learned this my
God after 60 bloody years we could have
been doing this we don't need all these
utility bills we can just pay it out of
the trust we never set up the trust
bear in mind we never set up the trust
but we are the beneficial title holder
of the trust we've been talking about
this on the channel on the other channel
for some time but you can pay your bills
this way what have you got to lose what
have you got to lose all you do is you
write on it in a blue pen you send it
back take a photograph as evidence that
you have done that um and so that you
can prove it send it by um registered
post so that they know that you know
they've you've got a record of sending
it because ultimately if they come back
and say we won't accept it this is when
you sign it it's become a financial
instrument it your signature is what
makes it money this is what people don't
really seem to understand it's your
signature is what makes that money same
with the mortgage the minute that you
sign that Mor mortgage agreement you
have created let's say you've gone into
the bank and you said please can I
borrow £500,000 for this lovely house
and they look at your credit whatever
you and they say yeah okay then and they
give you a piece of paper with words on
it and they say just sign here and sign
there and then we can uh give you the
money well actually what's happened is
you've just created the money you
created the money with your signature
and in fact what you've done is you've
deposited the money into your account
they put the numbers in but you have
just created the money and deposited it
into your bank account they then pretend
they're loaning you the money and then
ask you to pay your own money back to
them with interest over 20 30 years it's
a scam it is a scam the mortgage thing
anyway would you know about that I'm
sure so um I would certainly challenge
them and say I've just created you
£500,000 in fact I'm going to charge you
I am going to charge you now you should
do it that way but anyway that's off the
point the point is look at this document
this website you can pay off your bills
now some of them won't say oh I don't
accept this when you say well it's a
financial instrument you could take them
to court because the thing is ultimately
it's a promisory note and ultimately you
would have to go the the courts would
have to go against President Lord
Denning said that all cash promisory
notes rather should be treated as cash
that is in law they cannot take you you
cannot the dispute that this financial
instrument is a financial instrument
they won't have it in court because the
whole thing would come t Ling down
because then it would be a question of
whether this financial instrument is as
valid as this financial instrument that
you have in your pocket called a
promiser note which looks like this
because if that is then deemed not to be
worth anything which of course is not
worth anything it's just what we believe
it to be then of course uh the whole
system will come tumbling down take it
check it out good luck let me know how
you to get on and if you've already been
doing this I would love to know till the
next time thank you for watching
